README.md, before:


# [Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/)

Open-source **Django** project crafted on top of **Material Dashboard**, an open-source iconic `Bootstrap` design.
The product is designed to deliver the best possible user experience with highly customizable feature-rich pages. 

- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/) - `Product Page`
- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard](https://django-material-dash2.onrender.com/) - `LIVE Demo` 
- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard Documentation](https://app-generator.dev/docs/products/django/material-dashboard/index.html) - `Complete Information` and Support Links
  - [Getting Started with Django](https://app-generator.dev/docs/technologies/django/index.html) - a `comprehensive tutorial`
  - `Configuration`: Install Tailwind/Flowbite, Prepare Environment, Setting up the Database 
  - `Start with Docker`
  - `Manual Build`
  - `Start the project`
  - `Deploy on Render`
 
<br />

## Features

- **Django 4.1.12**
- Best Practices
- [Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/docs/templates/bootstrap/material-dashboard.html) - Full Integration 
- `CI/CD` Flow via Render 
- `Docker`

![Django Material Dashboard - Open-Source Django Starter](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/532e06c1-1af3-4439-93fc-6de3a9d43c52)

<br />

## [Material Dashboard PRO Version](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard-pro/django/)

> The premium version provides more features, priority on support, and is more often updated - [Live Demo](https://django-material-dash2-pro.onrender.com).

- **Simple, Easy-to-Extend** Codebase
- **Material Dashboard** Design - PRO Version
- Bootstrap 5 CSS
- **OAuth** - Github
- **Extended User Profile**
- **API** via DRF 
- **Charts** via ApexJS 
- **Celery** (async tasks)
- **Deployment-Ready** for Render 

![Django Material Dash2 PRO - Premium starter crafted by App-Generator.](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c75c6e67-a940-4d56-9855-070f901ab5ab)

<br />

---
[Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/) - Open-Source **Django** Starter provided by [App Generator](https://app-generator.dev)

Commit message:

v1.0.18 -  Added Deploy on RENDER Button

README.md, after:


# [Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/)

Open-source **Django** project crafted on top of **Material Dashboard**, an open-source iconic `Bootstrap` design.
The product is designed to deliver the best possible user experience with highly customizable feature-rich pages. 

- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/) - `Product Page`
- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard](https://django-material-dash2.onrender.com/) - `LIVE Demo` 
- 👉 [Django Material Dashboard Documentation](https://app-generator.dev/docs/products/django/material-dashboard/index.html) - `Complete Information` and Support Links
  - [Getting Started with Django](https://app-generator.dev/docs/technologies/django/index.html) - a `comprehensive tutorial`
  - `Configuration`: Install Tailwind/Flowbite, Prepare Environment, Setting up the Database 
  - `Start with Docker`
  - `Manual Build`
  - `Start the project`
  - `Deploy on Render`
 
<br />

## Deploy on `Render` (free plan)

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy)

<br /> 

## Features

- Simple, Easy-to-Extend Codebase
- Material Dashboard Design - Full Integration 
- Bootstrap 5 Styling 
- Session-based Authentication, Password recovery
- DB Persistence: SQLite (default), can be used with MySql, PgSql
- Docker 
- CI/CD integration for Render 

![Django Material Dashboard - Open-Source Django Starter](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/532e06c1-1af3-4439-93fc-6de3a9d43c52)

<br />

## [Material Dashboard PRO Version](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard-pro/django/)

> The premium version provides more features, priority on support, and is more often updated - [Live Demo](https://django-material-dash2-pro.onrender.com).

- **Simple, Easy-to-Extend** Codebase
- **Material Dashboard** Design - PRO Version
- Bootstrap 5 CSS
- **OAuth** - Github
- **Extended User Profile**
- **API** via DRF 
- **Charts** via ApexJS 
- **Celery** (async tasks)
- **Deployment-Ready** for Render 

![Django Material Dash2 PRO - Premium starter crafted by App-Generator.](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c75c6e67-a940-4d56-9855-070f901ab5ab)

<br />

---
[Django Material Dashboard](https://app-generator.dev/product/material-dashboard/django/) - Open-Source **Django** Starter provided by [App Generator](https://app-generator.dev)
